You're right.
The Golden Melody Award has always been about status
And fame in the music world
These people who came today
It's the best of our media companies
Ah he
Why are you here?
What do you mean?
Don't you understand?
Which one of you is not borrowing money?
The Kumquat Award is the highest honor in the Chinese music scene
When is it his turn?
A ring finger is our wish
The company has decided to sign an agreement with Mr. Chu
He is now the lead owner of our company
how
Isn't your status enough to attend the ceremony?
There is still no problem that you represent the new moon capital.
Mother-in-law, you asked him to represent the newcomer
It's not just us.
It's your fan guide.
Will there be others in our dad's company?
Besides, it mainly promotes such a waste
Mr. Chen, I advise you to save money
I, Xu Ruotian, have a word here
You can let him
I didn't even have a chance to debut today
Since today is the night of the Golden Melody Awards ceremony
Then we will follow the grievances of the party
Whether it is the speed of fans
Or the status of the Chinese Orchestra
Identity must be enough to support
Doing your worst will help.
You're right.
He's a useless trash Accord
I don't deserve to be here
Only by gaining a foothold in the Chinese music scene
Have a certain status
To deserve this music festival
And you're not qualified at all
Going to a dinner party with someone like this
It's not embarrassing enough
What are we in the music scene?
You cooperate with us to work hard together
Get out of here
Get out
Get me out of the Chinese music scene at any cost
You can afford it.